Update PHP settings on performance best practices software page (#8396)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/performance-best-practices/software.md

### PHP Settings

{:.bs-callout-info}

> In Magento cloud environments **opcache.enable_cli** setting has to be set to 0, without that the changes in `.magento.env.yaml` are not get updated into the `app/etc/env.php` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Magento Cloud environments, `opcache.enable_cli` setting has to be set to `0`. Without this setting the changes in `.magento.env.yaml` will not get updated into the `app/etc/env.php` file.
```
